that product that you helped develop
it's called ta-65 mm-hmm
explain what that is and what it does
t65 is a single molecule so it's not
like a whole ground-up herb it's just
one molecule kind of taxall as a cancer
drug that comes from a plant but you
don't get the whole bark you just take
the one thing you inject it for cancer
so it's a single molecule in the pure
form and it's derived from an herb
that's been known to help immunity in
longevity for thousands of years it's a
stragglers pointer so it was discovered
by a biotech company in Menlo Park
called Geron and they licensed the TA
Sciences who undertook the human trials
and proved its safety and then over the
last five years we've been proving its
efficacy in less controlled ways but you
know personal anecdotal ways you know I
have a lot of patients and there's been
tens of thousands of patients around the
world so it appears to be very safe and
my mission is to kind of get the message
out these are some of the effects is how
we safely manage it and I really think
it's the future it's gonna be a
game-changer for the way we think about
life and so what does it do exactly can
you explain that yeah I I it seems to
turn up the transcription of the
talamo's engine and Telemachus you
remember is the enzyme that will allow
you to lengthen the wicks or the
diffuses and so again like in stem cells
you have a key that will run that engine
if you have more engine for let's say 14
hours then the stem cell copying is more
efficient it's more pure and some of the
ones that we're trying to die are able
to die so there's different kinds of
effects and some cells get a competitive
advantage for a short time so that's why
we see people with better digestion
better mood better skin for like that an
inducible time and when they stop taking
it it kind of fades away so there's
three kinds of changes to prevention
which is always good you know it
competitive advantage for a short time
days two weeks and then there's the
third kind when you really annihilate
bad Queen cells and then they come back
with fresh servers
you